you shall make an altar of acacia wood
five cubits long and five cubits wide
the altar shall be square and its height
shall be three cubits you shall make its
horns on its four corners its horns
shall be of one piece with it and you
shall overlay it with bronze also you
shall make its pans to receive its ashes
and it shovels and its basins and its
forks and its fire pans you shall make
all its utensils of problems you shall
make a great for it a network of bronze
and on the network you shall make four
bronze rings at its four corners you
shall put it under the rim of the altar
beneath that the network may be midway
up the altar and you shall make polls
for the altar poles of acacia wood and
overlay them with problems the poles
shall be put in the Rings and the poles
shall be on the two sides of the altar
to bear it you shall make it hollow with
boards as it was shown you on the
mountain so shall they make it you shall
also make the court of the tabernacle
for the south side there shall be
hangings for the court made a fine woven
linen one hundred cubits long for one
side and it's twenty pillars and there
twenty sockets shall be bronze the hooks
of the pillars and their balance shall
be silver likewise along the length of
the north side there shall be hangings
one hundred cubits long with its twenty
pillars and there twenty sockets of
bronze and the hooks of the pillars and
there bands of silver and along the
width of the court on the west side
shall be hangings of fifty cubits with
their ten pillars and there ten sockets
the width of the court on the east side
shall be fifty cubits the hangings on
one side of the gate shall be 15 cubits
with their three pillars and their three
sockets and on the other side shall be
hangings of fifteen cubits with their
three pillars and their three sockets
for the gate of the court there shall be
a screen twenty cubits long woven of
blue purple and scarlet thread and fine
woven linen made by a weaver it shall
have four pillars and four sockets all
the pillars around the court shall have
bands of silver their hooks shall be of
silver and their sockets of bronze the
length of the court shall be 100 cubits
the width 50 throughout and the height
five cubits made of fine woven linen and
its sockets of bronze all the utensils
of the tabernacle for all its service
all its pegs and all the pegs of the
court shall be of bronze and you shall
command the children of Israel that they
bring you pure oil of pressed olives for
the light to cause the lamp to burn
continually in the tabernacle of meeting
outside the veil which is before the
testimony Aaron and his sons shall tend
it from evening and to morning before
the Lord it shall be a statute forever
to their generations on behalf of the
children of Israel
you